Selection Criteria - Project Officer Governance and Reporting - Position Number: 0044931 (Josh Serry)

Linkedin: www.linkedin.com/in/joshuaserry/

1. Tertiary qualifications in a relevant discipline plus extensive relevant experience; or an equivalent mix of education and significant relevant experience.

  Relevant Qualifications
    ► Predictive Analytics and Machine Learning Python course by Python Charmers. (2018)
    ► Bachelor of Business Information Systems from Monash University. (2013)
    ► Certificate II Information Technology from Swinburne University of Technology. (2009)

2. Experience in the support of governance and reporting in a complex project or organisational structure.

  Relevant Experience
    ► I have previously worked at IBM and ME Bank: both companies have a complex project and organisational structure. At those companies I have worked in teams supporting project governance and developed a variety of reports for various stakeholders including management.

3. Demonstrated organisational and planning skills, including the ability to bring together input from multiple team members and stakeholders, and support effective information flows in a complex environment.

  Relevant Experience
    ► I acted as a Developer of the Banks Governance Risk and Compliance system; it was used to help capture, monitor and resolve risk and compliance events. In that time I had to plan for releases which involved but was not limited to: writing user stories and requirements documents, facilitating requirements workshops with stakeholders across multiple teams and effectively communicating information in a variety of forms to a variety of different audiences.

4. High level writing skills, including the ability to draft reports, project documents, correspondence, meeting minutes and presentations.

  Relevant Experience
    ► Working in the Operational Risk and Compliance Team I developed meeting meetings which were distributed to a variety of stakeholders. I also created monthly summary reports which were provided to management and various committees. Lastly I developed and continually updated project documentation, developed training material and facilitated presentations to users of ME Banks Governance Risk and Compliance System. The system allowed staff to accurately describe and monitor risk and compliance events that occurred in the Bank.

5. High level interpersonal and communication skills with demonstrated ability to liaise and work effectively with stakeholders in a large and complex organisation, and with external advisors and development partners.

  Relevant Experience
    ► Expert interpersonal and communication skills having worked with internal and external stakeholders and consultants at ME Bank in support of Operational Risk and Compliance.

6. Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a team in a complex matrix management structure.

  Relevant Experience
    ► Worked independently and in an agile team at ME Bank, have also worked in small and large teams at IBM and Monash University. All three companies have a large and complex matrix management structure.

7. Sound computing skills, with proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and MS Outlook.

  Relevant Experience
    ► Expert Proficiency in the entire Microsoft Office Suite including extensive knowledge of Excel VBA programming language.
    ► Known as the IT guy; very approachable and easily able to solve colleagues frustrations with MS Offce or other computer/technology issues.
