give an example of a time you found it neccissary to share confidential information on a job. how did you make the decision.

what attracted you to apply for this role

what has been your most significant achievement in the last year?

how would you describe your leadership style

what strengths do you bring to the role

if you were successful in this role what would be your priorities in the first 6-9 months.

why did you leave your previous position

what did you like most and least about your previous role

the ability to commmunicate  well is pivotal in this role, can you give us examples of this

describe how you dealt with a conflict situation at work.

tell us how you handle pressure and conflicting deadlines

where would you like to be in 3 - 5 years time

tell us a time when you had to use influencing skills to get a result/decision.

is there any area of skills/experience you think you may need further development to enable you in this role.

what do you enjoy most or least about your current job

why did you leave your last job

what three things will you not do in your next job

what must be in your next job for you to want it, why?

in what ways would you change your last job?

in the past what created stress for you an why?

Describe a busy day in your eyes, how do you manage/organise that?

why do you want to work here

why should we hire you

what motivates you to try and do more?

what do you need from an organisation to feel motivated?

what are your career goals for the next 6m, 1y, 3-5y

How will working for us help you to achieve your goals.

what can you do that other candidates cannot

what is the most creative thing you've done in the past how and why did it occur

what does 'customer service' mean to you in this role

How do you handle instructions that you don't agree with.

what have you done to organise others

How do you know you're doing a good job

how do you handle completing and monitoring a variety of projects at the same time?

what KPI's would you introduce to your team to bring performance improvement - collaboration.

what types of people do you like or not like to be around

tell me about yourself

aren't you overqualified for this position

describe your ideal company location and job

what are your career options right now, why have you been out of work so long?

tell me about a situation when your work was criticised.

how do you feel about reporting to a younger person/minority or woman.

looking back what would you do differently in your life.

could you have done better in your last job. - I suppose with the benefit of hindsight you can find things to do better but I can't think of anything of major consequence.

can you work under pressure

why aren't you earning more money at this stage of your career

who has inspired you in your life and why

what changes would you make if you came onboard

i'm concerned you don't have as much experience as we would like in

how do you feel about working nights and weekends?

give me an example of your creativity, analytical skill or ability to manage.

have you considered starting your own Business
